Mention `snake_case` as Contract Public-Facing Method Name Convention (#1290)
near/docs: docs/2.develop/deploy.md

By default `near-cli` uses the `testnet` network. Define `NEAR_ENV=mainnet` to deploy into `mainnet`.
:::

:::info Naming Convention for Public-Facing Methods 

> Once the contract is deployed to the network, anyone and any other contract (i.e. any other account on NEAR) can interact with it by calling its methods. Any transactions involving the contract will also be included in the network's data stream, which means its activity can also be visible to any who listen for particular events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the contract is deployed to the network, anyone and any other contract (i.e., any other account on NEAR) can interact with it by calling its methods. Furthermore, any transactions involving the contract will also be included in the network's data stream, which means its activity can also be visible to any who listens to particular events. 
```
